Dad?
He's back!
Are you all right?
It's okay, look
Nothing happened.
It's alright
The little prince's gall is too fat
I won't let you go this time
Don't worry, are you alright?
Xu Shao sent them all to the police station
This time, it's just one game
robbery
Xiaofan, please apologize to Mr. Xu
Not hurt
Without him
You must be doomed this time
Stop talking
Don't do this
When I arrived, Mr. Ye had already escaped
I wouldn't dare do that.
But today, if it weren't for you
I can come with my money.
Tens of thousands of dollars.
Compared to your reminder to me
That's simply
Just no reason
What do you want to remind?
How should the surgery be drawn?
Completely?
Fortunately, I didn't feel comfortable visiting you last night.
If it weren't for earlier
You guessed it
Yes, Mr. Ye's hunch is nothing short of a myth
Mr. Ye?
Which is Mr. Ye?
It's okay this is my father
Here it is.
Mr. Ye is a great benefactor of our Xu family
Hello Mr. Ye
I am Ye, the chairperson of Feilong Group
This 1 million me and our entire Flying Dragon Group
Our thanks
I hope you will accept 1 million